Smart Picker developer doc for clients (#10704)
nextcloud/documentation: developer_manual/digging_deeper/reference.rst

      }
    }

Render link previews in clients
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Clients can choose to support some rich objects types.
Developers can follow the rich object formatting recommendations to provide generic information in some cases.
The rich object type is not used to predict the data structure.
We rather recommend to set rich object attributes respecting a strict format for some common use cases.

> More details can be found in `Provide generic data for clients <data-for-clients_>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More details can be found in :ref:`data-for-clients`
```

This way when the section or label is adjusted the link will still work or throw an error on compile instead of silently linking to nothing.

    	"meta": {
    	  "status": "ok",
    	  "statuscode": 200,
    	  "message": "OK"
    	},
    	"data": [
    	  {
    	    "id": "github-issue-pr",
    	    "title": "GitHub issues, pull requests and comments",
    	    "icon_url": "https://my.nextcloud.org/apps/integration_github/img/app-dark.svg",
    	    "order": 10,
    	    "search_providers_ids": [
    	      "github-search-issues",
    	      "github-search-repos"
    	    ]
    	  },
    	  {
    	    "id": "openstreetmap-point",
    	    "title": "Map location (by OpenStreetMap)",
    	    "icon_url": "https://my.nextcloud.org/apps/integration_openstreetmap/img/app-dark.svg",
    	    "order": 10,
    	    "search_providers_ids": [
    	      "openstreetmap-search-location"
    	    ]
    	  },
    	  {
    	    "id": "files",
    	    "title": "Files",
    	    "icon_url": "https://my.nextcloud.org/apps/files/img/folder.svg",
    	    "order": 0
    	  }
    	]
      }
    }

In this example, the "files" Smart Picker provider does not support any unified search provider
but the "github-issue-pr" one supports 2 of them and the "openstreetmap-point" support one.

Use the unified search API
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Here is how to search using the Unified Search OCS API:

Reviewer: Link to https://docs.nextcloud.com//server/stable/developer_manual/digging_deeper/search.html  ?
This way whenever the docs are adjusted there is at least a way to the original search OCS docs
